docs: bump Prysm version to v7.1.5 and fix README maintenance drift (#1193)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: README.md

npm install -g vercel
vercel
```

## Maintenance

> When Prysm cuts a new release, update the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new version of Prysm is released, update the following files:
```

> - `docusaurus.config.js` — bump `prysmVersion` (line 1) to the new tag (e.g. `"v7.1.5"`). This drives the version badge and release link in the navbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `docusaurus.config.js` — bump `prysmVersion` (line 1) to the new tag (e.g., `"v7.1.5"`). This drives the version badge and release link in the navbar.
```
